README.md, before:

# [Fable website](http://fable.io) generator

This project generates the static web pages for [Fable website](http://fable.io) using several resources, among them:

- [Markdown docs in Fable repo](https://github.com/fable-compiler/Fable/tree/master/docs)
- [Samples in samples-browser repo](https://github.com/fable-compiler/samples-browser)
- React components built with [Fable.React](https://github.com/fable-compiler/fable-react)
- [Handlebars templates](http://handlebarsjs.com/)

The F# project in `src` is compiled to a node app using Fable and then executed to generate the static pages. To run app the app in development mode (with live reload of the server whenever F# sources change) run the following commands.

> Requirements are the same as for other Fable projects. [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is used as the JS package manager.

Install JS and F# dependencies (only first time or whenever dependencies change):

```shell
yarn install
dotnet restore src
```

To execute Fable in watch mode ([fable-splitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fable-splitter) is used as the JS client), run:

```shell
cd src
dotnet fable yarn-start
```

> If you only want to build the node app and run it once, type `dotnet fable yarn-build` instead.

The web pages will be output to `public` directory. To start a local server with live reloading capabilities to visualize them, in a **new terminal**, type:

```shell
yarn run server
```

The web uses a customized version of the [Bulma CSS framework](http://bulma.io/documentation/overview/customize/). The [SASS file](http://sass-lang.com/) for the customization can be found in `files/styles.sass`. To compile it to CSS use:

```shell
yarn run sass -- -w
```

> The `-w` argument activates the watch mode of the SASS compiler. You can omit it if you only want to compile the file once.

Alternatively, you can run the following to run the three processes (Fable, server and SASS compiler) at once concurrently:

```shell
yarn run start-all
```

## Other repositories

At the moment, the tool expects the [Fable](https://github.com/fable-compiler/Fable) and [samples-browser](https://github.com/fable-compiler/samples-browser) repositories to be cloned on the same directory level as this one. In the future it'll be possible to change that behaviour through arguments.

Commit message:

Add documents for generating API References

README.md, after:

# [Fable website](http://fable.io) generator

This project generates the static web pages for [Fable website](http://fable.io) using several resources, among them:

- [Markdown docs in Fable repo](https://github.com/fable-compiler/Fable/tree/master/docs)
- [Samples in samples-browser repo](https://github.com/fable-compiler/samples-browser)
- React components built with [Fable.React](https://github.com/fable-compiler/fable-react)
- [Handlebars templates](http://handlebarsjs.com/)

The F# project in `src` is compiled to a node app using Fable and then executed to generate the static pages. To run app the app in development mode (with live reload of the server whenever F# sources change) run the following commands.

> Requirements are the same as for other Fable projects. [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) is used as the JS package manager.

Install JS and F# dependencies (only first time or whenever dependencies change):

```shell
yarn install
dotnet restore src
```

To execute Fable in watch mode ([fable-splitter](https://www.npmjs.com/package/fable-splitter) is used as the JS client), run:

```shell
cd src
dotnet fable yarn-start
```

> If you only want to build the node app and run it once, type `dotnet fable yarn-build` instead.

The web pages will be output to `public` directory. To start a local server with live reloading capabilities to visualize them, in a **new terminal**, type:

```shell
yarn run server
```

The web uses a customized version of the [Bulma CSS framework](http://bulma.io/documentation/overview/customize/). The [SASS file](http://sass-lang.com/) for the customization can be found in `files/styles.sass`. To compile it to CSS use:

```shell
yarn run sass -- -w
```

> The `-w` argument activates the watch mode of the SASS compiler. You can omit it if you only want to compile the file once.

Alternatively, you can run the following to run the three processes (Fable, server and SASS compiler) at once concurrently:

```shell
yarn run start-all
```
## Build API references for Fable.Core

First, you need to clone and **build** Fable compiler in the same directory of this repo, e.g.

```F#
...
|- Fable/
|- fable-compiler.github.io/
```

Then, run the document generating script `./tools/generate.fsx` via `fsharpi`

```sh
cd ./fable-compiler.github.io
fsharpi ./tools/generate.fsx
```

## Other repositories

At the moment, the tool expects the [Fable](https://github.com/fable-compiler/Fable) and [samples-browser](https://github.com/fable-compiler/samples-browser) repositories to be cloned on the same directory level as this one. In the future it'll be possible to change that behaviour through arguments.
